About Technossus | Consulting + Engineering for Enterprise Transformation
Our Focus is On Your Success.
Your Success is an Extension of Our Values.
At Technossus, our mission is to accelerate your vision through purposeful digital transformation engineered across four core pillars that bring strategy, technology, and execution into alignment. We aim to simplify complexity and enable businesses to adopt the right technologies with clarity and speed.
See how we work
Contact us
OUR MISSION
We  bring consultative thinking and expert engineering together so businesses can
modernize, scale, and create value
with confidence.
Vision to Reality
We can work collaboratively with your team to develop and carry out a seamless implementation plan.
Risk to Security
We take security very seriously and follow industry best practices to eliminate risk and ensure compliance.
Difficulty to Opportunity
We leverage the latest technologies to uncover hidden opportunities and untapped potential.
Strategy to Outcomes
We help you execute your strategy and realize the objective, measurable results.
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
Meet the executive leadership
driving Technossus with vision and impact.
FOUNDER, MANAGING PARTNER
Ravnish Bhalla
Founder and enterprise technology leader guiding Technossus with a 360° client-impact approach to innovation, transformation, and long-term value creation.
MANAGING PARTNER
Giri Kalluri
Co-founder and strategic growth leader driving enterprise transformation through AI-led innovation, cloud modernization, operational excellence, and global team leadership.
CEO & PRESIDENT
Kumar Gaurav
Global consulting and sales leader driving scalable delivery, strategic partnerships, enterprise transformation, and measurable business outcomes for Technossus.
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, GLOBAL SERVICES
Sham Ramakrishnan
Client success and global services leader building trusted partnerships by aligning sales, delivery, engineering, and support around predictable, high-value outcomes.
DIRECTOR GLOBAL COMPETENCY HEAD
Sambit Mohanty
Leads global engineering and solution architecture, building scalable systems and driving AI-led capabilities across client environments.
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Dainish Hingwe
Drives technology and delivery at scale, playing a key role in building, shaping, and scaling systems, teams, and execution capabilities from the ground up.
DIRECTOR SALES
Basudev Pal
Brings over two decades of experience in digital transformation and market expansion, shaping AI-led growth strategies and enterprise innovation across Europe.
VICE PRESIDENT, DIGITAL EXPERIENCE DESIGN
Zia Rahman
Design leader shaping intuitive, scalable digital experiences through UX strategy, DesignOps, and AI-led product innovation.
OUR HISTORY
From vision to execution:
our story of continuous evolution
TESTIMONIALS
Hear what
our clients have to say.
Real experiences, trusted partnerships, and measurable impact from the businesses we've helped transform.
"Flawless rollout of New Relic with no downtime and no change window allows CommonSpirit Health deep understanding of consumer experience. Not only did the team deliver projects with half the requested staff, they also generated meaningful cost savings. A truly ‘ridiculously qualified” team."
Jeffrey Harker
System Manager Cloud Engineering
"Technossus has been a game-changer for AdaptHealth. Their dedication to quality and commitment to continuous improvement is unmatched. Their adaptability and willingness to learn make them the perfect partner. The team is knowledgeable, skilled, and go beyond to exceed expectations."
Anita Salgado
Senior Business Systems Analyst
"Technossus are an impressive team which delivers on their promises and are stand out performers in the Software Development sector."
Tyler Zucchiatti
Director, Software Development, Middleware & Integration
"We are very pleased with the quality of service the Technossus team has provided to the BTX lab. The lab sincerely appreciates the team's responsiveness and attention to detail in building new features into our LIMS and for the resolution of production issues"
Preeyal Reddi
Director, Lab Operations
"I have been quite impressed with the caliber of staff that we've worked with from Technossus, on a wide variety of skill sets. The staff has been extremely knowledgeable on the technical subjects, quick to comprehend our business needs and eager to ensure that the service they provide is meeting or exceeding our expectations. We look forward to a continued partnership with them!"
Daniel Burdette
Value Delivery Leader - Software Development Manager
"Technossus has a strong ability to quickly scale up with the right talent to support new projects in the Dev Ops environment including Dig 1.0."
Scott Peddle
Director, Digital Solution Design & Software Engineering
STRATEGIC PARTNERS IN TRANSFORMATION
We sit on the same side of the table as your leadership team.
Combining consulting depth with engineering precision across AI, data, cloud, and product, we turn strategy into outcomes that show up in your numbers.
Connect with our leadership
Contact us
Ask AI